README.md, before:

# About
Inspired by the ["Learn JavaScript" course on Scrimba.com](https://scrimba.com/learn/learnjavascript), I added some extra features to the 'Build a passenger counter app' from the coursework. I restyled this app to be used in the airline industry since my partner is a flight attendant and actually has to do the counting. Previously, he's used a [mechanical counter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mechanical_counter) for this, but seeing as this is the 21st Century and the age of apps I decided to create one myself.

## Contents
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Status](#status)
  - [Mobile Design](#mobile-design)

## Screenshot

![screenshot of desktop version of the app](./screenshot-desktop.png)

## Status

A live, desktop version of the app can be viewed at https://ananfito.github.io/passenger-counter-app/.

### Mobile Design

The project is live and mostly complete. I still need to create a mobile-friendly for the app. If you know how to solve this problem or would like to help, I am very open to mentorship and collaboration. Feel free to contact me via [email](https://anthonynanfito.com/contact) or visit [the GitHub issue](https://github.com/ananfito/passenger-counter-app/issues/1#issue-1456234023) for this next stage of development. Thank you.

Commit message:

update readme.md and index.js
updated 'about' section on readme.md
updated decrease() function on index.js to stop when the count is 0 so that it doesn't display negative numbers

README.md, after:

# About
Inspired by the ["Learn JavaScript" course on Scrimba.com](https://scrimba.com/learn/learnjavascript), I added some extra features to the 'Build a passenger counter app' from the coursework.

I restyled this app to be used in the airline industry since my partner is a flight attendant and he (and his colleagues) actually has to do the task of counting passengers as they board the plane Previously, he's used a [mechanical counter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mechanical_counter) for this, but seeing as this is the 21st Century and the age of apps I decided to create one myself.

I also added additional buttons for 'decrease' and 'reset'. The decrease button will 'decrease' the total passenger count by 1 (in case of error) and the 'reset' button will reset the counter back to the zero. 

## Contents
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Status](#status)
  - [Mobile Design](#mobile-design)

## Screenshot

![screenshot of desktop version of the app](./screenshot-desktop.png)

## Status

A live, desktop version of the app can be viewed at https://ananfito.github.io/passenger-counter-app/.

### Mobile Design

The project is live and mostly complete. I still need to create a mobile-friendly for the app. If you know how to solve this problem or would like to help, I am very open to mentorship and collaboration. Feel free to contact me via [email](https://anthonynanfito.com/contact) or visit [the GitHub issue](https://github.com/ananfito/passenger-counter-app/issues/1#issue-1456234023) for this next stage of development. Thank you.
